---
layout: post
title: WWDC24 - Apple Conference
comments: true
tags: apple ai chatgpt openai ios iphone
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

# WWDC24 - Apple Worldwide Developers Conference

In this article, I'm going to share my thoughts on WWDC24, which was packed with exciting announcements and updates.

#### iOS 18
Let's start with iOS 18, which introduces a plethora of new customization options and cool features such as Messages via satellite. Updates to Messages, Photos, and Mail make them more productive and fun than ever! The inclusion of RCS in iMessage is also a significant feature, although Apple didn't emphasize it much.

#### iPadOS
iPadOS has always been similar to iOS with a few extra features, but this time, Apple made it truly stand out with the addition of basic yet essential tools like a new calculator app and enhanced note-taking capabilities with Apple Pencil. The new graphing functionality is particularly impressive, and I wish I had these features when I was in high school.

#### watchOS
The new watchOS brings more customizability to fitness goals and additional measurements for overall health. My favorite update is the new intelligent Smart Stacks, which I believe Apple should have introduced last year when they first announced Smart Stacks.

#### macOS Sequoia
MacOS Sequoia seamlessly integrates with the iPhone and introduces some nice changes to the Desktop. The updates to Safari, announced during the macOS segment, are also time-saving. These small, AI-powered enhancements are typical of Apple's announcements, but what really stood out was Apple Intelligence.

#### Apple Intelligence

The highlight of the event was Apple Intelligence, which takes full advantage of the Apple ecosystem and turns it into a service that can significantly impact our daily lives. With features like notification prioritization, image creation, and message summarization/rewriting, all powered by Siri and processed on-device to ensure privacy, Apple Intelligence showcases how Apple is leveraging AI technologies differently from the rest of the industry. This is just the beginning for Apple Intelligence, and I can't wait to see what more Apple will bring in the coming years.